Note that path_provider doesn't work on web apps (#8852)
flutter/website: src/cookbook/persistence/reading-writing-files.md

  3. Write data to the file.
  4. Read data from the file.

To learn more, watch this Package of the Week video
on the `path_provider` package:

<iframe class="full-width" src="{{site.youtube-site}}/embed/Ci4t-NkOY3I" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

{{site.alert.note}}

> This recipe doesn't work with web apps at this time.
> To follow the discusion on this issue,
> check out [issue #45296](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/45296)
> in `flutter/flutter`.

Reviewer: We indent all note text by 2 spaces.

```suggestion
  This recipe doesn't work with web apps at this time.
  To follow the discussion on this issue,
  check out `flutter/flutter` [issue #45296]({{site.github}}/flutter/flutter/issues/45296).
```
